[theme music]
[door opens and beeps]
[door closes and beeps]
[bottles clink]
[pops]
Didn't you say you would be home late?
[deep inhale]
Well, some things happened.
[sighs]
Oh, hey, the reunion?
It ended early.
[Jun-wan gulping]
[slurps, gulps]
[both gulping]
[heavy sigh]
Did something happen?
[sharp exhale]
No, it's cool. Nothing did.
[hums in affirmation]
Are things okay with you?
Yes, they are.
[gulping]
-[inhales deeply]
-[crunches]
I'll go wash up.
[sighs]
[Jeong-won] Okay.
[melancholic music]
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
[disappointed sigh]
[exhales]
[line dials, ringing]
[melancholic music continues]
[deep inhale]
[phone beeps]
[thuds]
[can pops open]
[insects chirping]
[Rosa weeping]
DOOR CODE 0720
1ST KID BIRTHDAY FEBRUARY 8
[Rosa weeping continuously]
[theme music]
-[grunts]
-[chopsticks clink]
Hey, what are those?
[munching]
What those? What else? Eggs.
-They're chicken eggs. Here, eat this.
-[egg cracks]
Are you working out again?
Mm-hmm, I'm trying to build muscle mass.
Okay, but take it easy.
Hey, I can take care of myself, you know.
Yeah, well, even if you gain muscle,
you'll end up farting all day
because you're eating too many eggs.
Anything that has to do
with my farts is top secret, Ik-jun.
[military drumroll]
-It's classified.
-Stop kidding around.
My farts will be used as a lethal weapon
-in chemical warfare--
-Hey!
That's a lame old joke.
Come up with better ones.
It's true.
It's true, you know.
[comical music sting]
[cracks]
[Ik-jun slurps]
[sniffles]
Don't teach U-ju weird things, okay?
-I'm not doing that. I'm busy. See? Here.
-[U-ju groans]
-Hey, Dad.
-Yes?
Look at me.
[carnival music]
[metal clanks]
[chicken clucks]
Oh, come on, U-ju, look, the shuttle bus
should be here by now. Let's go.
Hey, Auntie.
-Auntie, wait. U-ju is heading out now.
-[door opens]
[Ik-sun] Come on. Hurry.
[comical music]
[Ik-jun] This is not a freeze-frame.
-How are you heading to Yangjae?
-I'll take the subway, what else.
It's a pretty quick trip.
I'll be back for another training session
two weeks from now.
Take the express train.
I'll take the bus.
They turn off the lights.
[Ik-sun] And I like that. I'll be coming
on a weekday after work,
so I won't be able
to take the train anyway.
It's the premium night bus.
So shall we, Doctor?
Drop me off at the subway station.
Yeah, okay. Sure. After you, Lt. Fart.
[giggles]
[merry music]
[Ik-jun] Hey, go easy on those eggs.
Too much of anything isn't good.
[Ik-sun] I know that.
[Ik-jun grunts]
No fevers these days?
[Ik-sun] No, not lately. When I have them,
I just take medication.
Stop worrying about me.
Ha, okay. Then stop making me worry, then.
-[door opens]
-[Ik-sun chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[Jun-wan] Yes?
-[Chang-min] Professor.
We have an emergency patient right now.
A 61-year-old male, received
a liver transplant in Yulje last February.
The ultrasound shows
aortic valve endocarditis with AR.
-I just arrived. I'll head straight to ER.
-[Min-ha chuckles]
-[Jae-hak] Yeah, I'll see you later.
-[Min-ha] So I said--
[Jae-hak] Oh, Professor Kim!
-Professor!
-[Seok-min] Hey.
-He didn't see you.
-[chuckles]
Are you that excited to see him?
I sure am. I think
Professor Kim is so adorable.
I just want to take him
and put him in my pocket.
-[all laughing]
-[Jae-hak groans]
[Seon-bin] It looked like
he got a call from the ER.
[Jae-hak] Yeah, and if it's surgery,
he'll call me in five minutes.
If not, he'll handle it with Chang-min.
Dr. Chu, it seems like you're not busy.
You're even going with them
to the convenience store now.
I'm working the night shift again today.
The least I should do
is brush my teeth, right?
I'm going, so I can buy toothpaste.
And I have a conference in ten minutes.
So contrary to what you think, I am busy.
-Right.
-By the way, Min-ha,
what's your makeup theme today, huh?
[Min-ha chuckles excitedly]
My makeup is a spring warm tone.
-A what tone?
-Spring warm tone.
Ah.
[chuckles]
I had my skin tone analyzed,
and what suits me best
is spring warm tone like Park Bo-young.
-Park Bo-gum?
-I said Park Bo-young.
My skin tone is just like Park Bo-young's.
-Hey, Dr. Chu.
-Hmm?
-That's not your skin tone.
-It most certainly is.
Yours is more like, um…
Like Boom, the comedian!
-[Seon-bin and Seok-min laughs]
-[quirky music sting]
-Uh, we should, um…
-We're right on time, see?
-Yeah, we should go now. Come on.
-[Seon-bin] Bye.
-[both chuckle]
-[phone ringing]
Yes. What is it?
Sure, I'll go and check
on it right now. Bye.
-[phone beeps]
-Dr. Do, you know what?
That was so funny. Hilarious.
[laughs]
I was going to get angry,
but it's gone now.
-You're such a riot. My goodness.
-[chuckles]
Well, I'm going to the ward now. Bye.
See you.
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won hums seriously]
Uh…
So we've already checked the MRI results.
And thankfully,
your case isn't complicated.
We can proceed with the surgery
next week as planned.
[relieved sigh]
I see. Uh, by the way,
will you be performing
the surgery yourself?
Oh, yes. Don't worry,
I'll be performing it myself.
I'm the only surgeon here who can
perform pediatric surgeries.
Uh, well…
-Mom.
-Yes?
Uh, so what time will the surgery begin?
I haven't been informed of it yet.
Oh, we won't know
the exact time until the day before.
Your doctor will inform you
when you're admitted next week.
Ah, very well, then. I understand.
Oh, one more thing, Doctor.
Um, hold on, um… Let's see. What else?
-[paper rustles]
-Oh, please. May I?
-Uh… Mm, sure.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
I'm so sorry, Dr. Ahn.
I had no idea what a bile duct even is.
Now that I know it affects his intestines,
I can't help but be worried.
I'm truly sorry.
No, don't be. Listen,
if my kid was undergoing surgery,
I'd be asking the doctor
a lot of questions too.
[chuckles softly]
[Jeong-won] Well, I've already answered
the first two questions.
For the third one, he'll stay here
for about a week after the surgery.
[inhales]
Question four.
Ah, as for scarring,
it differs from case to case.
But the scar will gradually fade away
with time. You shouldn't worry too much.
Next one.
Ah, if the surgery goes well, I doubt
the condition will recur in your son.
He'll be able to go to school
and participate in activities
just like any healthy kid.
Next one. Ah, tae kwon do, huh.
Well, he should be able to go back to it
about a month after the surgery, okay?
But be careful when it comes
to strenuous movements.
[deep sigh]
-Okay.
-Um, next question…
[labored breathing]
Are you Mr. Jang's guardian?
Dr. Kim is here.
Okay. Listen, Mom, stay here with Dad.
Keep an eye on him.
[footsteps approaching]
-Dr. Kim.
-Oh, hello.
Well, just as we expected.
It does look like endocarditis.
In this case, it appears the inflammation
is in your dad's aortic valve.
[sighs]
So what could have caused it?
Um, we're using immunosuppressive agents.
They might have made your father,
in his current condition,
more susceptible for endocarditis.
However, I can't say for sure
that's what caused it.
It can still occur when a patient
is not taking immunosuppressive drugs.
Does he have to undergo surgery?
Yes, it's best that he does.
-[breathes deeply]
-[serious music]
The inflammation has caused
the aortic valve to be deformed,
and so the valve
doesn't close tightly and leaks blood.
It's called "aortic regurgitation."
Let me explain to you in simple terms.
The blood pumped out of the heart
keeps leaking back in.
That's why your dad is out of breath.
That's not all. The bacteria in the valve
could get into the bloodstream anytime.
If they travel to the brain
and block a vein there,
it may result in a stroke.
He's on antibiotics,
but he needs to undergo surgery ASAP.
I have morning appointments tomorrow,
but we should be able to do it
tomorrow afternoon or evening.
Uh-huh.
All the details will be explained
after he's admitted.
The doctor will handle it.
Okay. Thank you, Dr. Kim.
I'm glad you brought him
to the ER quickly.
Did you bring him from Mokpo
in that state?
Uh, no. It's a good thing
that we had an appointment
with a liver transplant surgeon.
We just arrived in Seoul last night.
This hospital
saved my father's life twice.
So, anyway, please take
very good care of my father.
Yes, we will.
Order the lab tests, and then call
Anesthesiology and HPB Surgery.
Got it, Professor Kim.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
So then, I'll see you again
in three months, okay?
[man] In three months?
Why don't we make it in four months?
[inhales]
Hmm, well…
How about three and a half months?
[laughs]
Sure, fine by me.
So I'll see you again in 14 weeks.
If everything looks good, we can schedule
you back here after four months.
That sounds great. Thanks a lot.
-[chair thuds]
-[soft chuckle]
Have a good day. Hmm.
[breathes deeply]
Let's have lunch now.
Oh, I'm sorry. I have plans for lunch.
[laughs]
Oh! Well, fine, I have plans too.
-Enjoy your lunch.
-[Hae-seong] You too.
We ran some tests because
we had to check your amniotic fluid.
But fortunately, everything
looks pretty okay to me now.
The amniotic fluid index becomes
even more important close to the due date,
and in your case,
since it's borderline as of today,
I highly recommend we check again
in about three to four days
instead of waiting for a whole week.
Let's see. Today is Monday.
So that means we'll set
your next appointment on Friday.
Okay, Friday is fine.
Earlier, you said
the fetal movement was good.
That's great. However,
if it drops from ten to five,
come to the hospital right away.
If everything's fine,
you can come back on Friday.
Okay. I hope I don't have
to come back sooner.
Yes, so do I.
If nothing goes wrong,
we'll see you on Friday, then.
-All right.
-[woman chuckles]
[sanitizer splats]
So are we done for the morning?
-Yes.
-[door slides close]
-Hey, Seon-jin, let's go have lunch.
-Um, Doctor, would you like to join us?
It's fine. I already have plans for lunch.
[message alert tone chimes]
DINOSAUR RIDGE
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS? I PICKED UP TTEOKBOKKI
Okay, enjoy your lunch.
You too.
[serious music]
[keyboard clacking]
LEE IK-JUN
[phone ringing]
On my way.
[phone beeps]
[phone ringing]
Hey, what's up? Are you all right?
[relieved sigh]
Good. I was so worried.
[Gyeo-ul] I'm sorry, Professor. I've been
all over the place. I'm fine, though.
Have you had lunch?
Hang on. Don't hang up, Gyeo-ul.
[Jeong-won] I'm relieved now
that I'm finally hearing your voice.
So tell me. Are you really okay?
[Gyeo-ul] Yes. Yes, I'm fine.
It was my mom, she wasn't doing well,
but she's okay now.
What happened? Is she sick?
Why didn't you bring her to Yulje?
[Gyeo-ul] Well, she tripped and fell
and hurt herself pretty badly.
She has a broken rib
and a few other fractures.
What kind of fall was it
that made her break a rib?
Where are the other fractures?
And which hospital in Gwangju?
Who's the professor there?
-Should I come over?
-[Gyeo-ul sighs]
It's the biggest hospital in Gwangju,
and the one attending to her
is so thorough.
Besides, you can't come
all the way here now.
You're fully booked with surgeries today.
[sighs]
Have you eaten yet?
Yes, I have. I had lunch with my mom.
That's good.
Did you sleep at the hospital?
Yes, my brother and I
are taking turns sleeping over.
[sighs]
-Professor.
-Hmm?
Look, I may not be able to call you often.
And also, I can't
text you back right away.
That's okay. At least
I got to hear your voice today.
So, yeah, it's all good.
Just go take care of your mom
and don't worry about me.
[Gyeo-ul] Okay. Sorry about this.
There's no need to be sorry.
It must be stressful.
I'm sorry I can't help you more.
Hey, Gyeo-ul, are you okay with me
texting you? I hope you don't mind.
If it's distracting, I'll stop.
And I'll be totally fine.
If it bothers you, just tell me.
[Gyeo-ul] Text me anytime.
I like it because
it helps me escape reality,
-even if it's only for a moment.
-Mm-hmm.
All right.
I won't text too often.
Maybe just once a day.
Gyeo-ul.
Be honest. You're really okay, right?
[Gyeo-ul] Yes, I am. I'm fine.
Everything's good.
Oh, my mom's looking for me.
I'll call you back later.
Okay.
[phone beeps]
[gloomy music]
[sighs]
[squeaks and thuds]
DONGDAEMUN TTEOKBOKKI
[gasps]
[comical music sting]
What's this? Why is there so many dishes?
Who placed the order?
Who else could it be?
Your friend Piggy number one.
One, two, three, four.
Who's going to eat all this food?
[door opens]
[gasps]
Are we having company for lunch?
Hey, will you chill out?
Come on. Join us here.
-This is all for us. Come on, let's eat.
-Tsk.
I must say,
it's a well-thought-out selection.
"Mild" for our gentle boy, Jeong-won.
"Spicy" for Piggy one and two.
And "Beginner's level"
for muggles like us. Eat up, guys.
What's a "muggle"?
[mysterious magical music]
[sighs]
-You're clueless too. Mm-hmm.
-Shut up, Malfoy!
Who's Malfoy? Is he a muggle?
Dude, where have you been?
-It does sound familiar.
-[sighs]
Jeez, what kind of world
do you live in, Jun-wan?
That's a stupid question.
I live in the 21st century.
So who's Malfoy?
[sighs]
The new deputy director.
[Ik-jun] You must have heard of him.
First name, Mal. Surname, Foy.
Hey, you're lying.
Stop teasing Jun-wan.
What's wrong with him not knowing?
Don't make fun of the guy.
-[munching]
-It's a boy band.
[pop music plays]
They're new. They just debuted.
[imitates gunshot]
Hoo!
You lying jerks.
-[Ik-jun laughs]
-[groans]
[Seok-hyeong] I can't believe
you've never watched those movies.
You're such a weirdo, Jun-wan.
-He only likes superhero movies.
-Harry is a hero too.
You watch too many movies, dude.
I want the mild one.
Sure. Mild for our gentle boy!
How's Gyeo-ul? Is she okay?
Yes, she's okay. I just spoke with her.
She sounded fine.
Was she not feeling well earlier?
She's doing family stuff,
so she's off till Thursday.
I'm surprised they allowed it.
[plastic crinkles]
I heard they're booked up with surgeries,
and Se-hyeok isn't here.
The truth is Gyeo-ul has hardly
taken any time off recently.
That's why her superior
approved her leave.
She got the go-ahead as soon
as she said she'd be back Friday morning.
They're busy on those days.
She deserves some days off anyway.
Where's the owner of this office?
Is Song-hwa in surgery?
-Oh, today is Monday.
-Wait, is it the thesis day today?
That's on Thursdays.
She's in a lab meeting.
Right, the National Research Project.
It must have begun.
Yeah, but she should be here by now.
Who is Song-hwa helping with their theses?
[deep inhale]
Seok-min, Seon-bin.
Eight residents from the hospital,
and a clinical professor.
That's a total of 11.
-[both exclaim in amazement]
-[sighs]
On Thursdays, she meets with all of them
for 30 minutes each.
Where does she find time to meet
all of them, huh? Is she a superwoman?
Well, rumor has it that
Song-hwa is the corresponding author
of all the theses that come out of the NS.
-[door opens]
-[exhales]
I'm starving. Give me
a whole container. I'll finish it.
Okay, we heard you loud and clear.
Right, guys? Come over here and eat.
Okay.
-[Ik-jun brushing teeth]
-[exhales]
[yawns]
My appointments will start soon.
I should go.
Jeong-won. I'm free this evening.
If dinner's on you,
then I'm gonna be there.
-[grunts]
-[faucet running]
Bye, guys.
[Jeong-won] See you. Bye.
-[Ik-jun gargles, spits]
-[taps]
-Hey, I'm free too.
-[door opens and closes]
[lips smack]
Hey, Jeong-won, are you, uh… Oh, man.
You pay for one barbecue dinner a month?
Don't you think that's too cheap?
Guys, don't you agree?
I mean, just think
of all the time and effort
we pour into the VIP Ward.
We work very hard for that place,
don't we, guys?
I think we deserve
one free dinner a week, right?
It's only fair. And it's not like
we're asking for something big.
-Hey, you're running late.
-[clock cuckoos]
Gotta go.
[keyboard clacking]
Would you know when the ER
is sending up the patient?
[nurse 1] They're sending her
up right now.
Hmm, okay, let me take care of it.
You two should go. Eat something.
No, we'll wait. Let's all go together.
Oh, but we can't.
Whoever can take a break now
should go and eat before we all get busy.
She's right. Go ahead.
[both] All right.
[nurse 1] Come on, let's go.
[door dings and slides open]
-[both] Hello there.
-Wait, I brought ice cream.
-We'll go and have dinner first.
-[Yoon-hee] Okay.
-[Seung-ju] What's the ice cream for?
-It's just an appetizer.
It's Hong-do's treat.
Oh, thank you very much.
[giggles]
Is today a special day?
-Uh, no. People always buy me treats.
-[both chuckle]
It's just like déjà vu.
Exactly the same as before.
We are on night duty again.
[gasps]
Wow, ooh!
You know what, it's so quiet here today,
Ms. Han. Where is everyone?
Getting dinner. We'll eat later.
Mm. Okay. Let's eat
when the cafeteria's empty.
[plastic crinkles]
By the way, this is just my hunch, okay?
I have a feeling
it's going to be pretty quiet tonight.
[giggles]
That would be nice.
[sucks teeth]
Listen to me. I can feel it in my bones.
No emergency calls
and nothing from our patients.
Yes, my intuition tells me
that tonight is going to be
one of the quietest nights on the floor.
Do you have
any off-beat superstitions about patients?
Me? Mm. No, I don't think so.
Maybe just the one that has been
passed down for generations
that I heard from one of the doctors here.
-What did you hear?
-Oh, don't you know?
Well, I heard from this doctor
that if you go ahead and eat
food bought by an intern,
the hospital is going to be…
[imitates buzzing]
…buzzing with activity.
It will be wild. Right, Ms. Han?
[ominous music]
Uh, Hong-do…
Please tell me
that you didn't buy the ice cream
for everyone here with your own money.
[nervous exhale]
I did buy the ice cream.
-Yes.
-Quick. Tell me what your bank account is.
And I'll pay you back.
Quick, quick, quick. Tell me what it is.
-Hurry.
-Hold on. It's, uh, uh, uh…
-I don't have it.
-Hong-do, what is it?
-[phone ringing]
-[gasps]
Yes, this is OB-GYN.
[doctor] This is Malgeum Clinic.
We'd like to transfer a patient to you.
A PPH post-partum.
Hold on, I'll have
the doctor speak to you.
Hello, this is Dr. Chu.
[doctor] Could we transfer
a patient to you? It's urgent.
Her baby was quite big,
but the delivery itself was quick.
No uterine contractions. And we've
already sutured her cervical laceration,
but the bleeding is still severe overall.
[train whistles]
[clacking]
Oh, I'm so glad that
Professor Yang is still here.
Yes, he stays late
when he has outpatients.
[slurps]
And you know what?
He spends a lot of time with them.
So who's on duty tonight?
Is it Professor Han Seul-gi?
That's right, in Gynecology.
Professor Han asked Professor Yang
to take care of it
upon hearing the details.
Do you think he's done
with his appointments? Can he come now?
Yes, he'll come as soon
as he's done for the day.
-[phone ringing]
-[sighs]
-Yes?
-[So-ye] This is the ER.
The patient from Malgeum Clinic is here.
You may come down now, Dr. Chu.
Okay, I'm on my way there.
-[Gwang-hyeon] Dr. Chu, over there.
-[Min-ha] Thanks.
[serious music]
-[curtains rustle]
-[metal clangs]
[monitor beeping]
[plastic crinkles]
[squeaks]
All right now,
get ready for an ultrasound.
Got it.
[clanking]
[line dials, ringing]
-[Seok-hyeong] Hello?
-Hello, Professor.
We haven't done an ultrasound yet.
A primiparity patient, age 28.
She delivered at a clinic.
The clinic already sutured
her cervical laceration.
The fundus appears to be firm,
but the lower segment isn't contracting.
And the vitals are unstable.
I used a speculum to examine her.
She bled a lot.
Now the patient is already drowsy,
and embolization may not be enough.
-Please excuse me, ma'am.
-[woman] Of course.
Was the laceration severe?
So with the ultrasound, go check
for bleeding behind the abdominal cavity.
Sometimes, patients with lacerations
often have additional lacerations
in the lower segment.
It could be a retroperitoneal hematoma,
so look closely.
Listen, Min-ha, it may not show up
on the ultrasound,
so do a CT scan immediately.
[Min-ha] Okay, got it. Thanks.
My goodness, you should hurry.
Yes, but after I go through
everything with you, okay?
-[machines beeping and humming]
-[serious music]
[Seok-hyeong] What are her vitals?
And what's her pulse now?
[anesthesiologist]
BP is 73 over 47. Pulse, 128.
[Seok-hyeong] And hemoglobin?
[Min-ha] We checked her CBC after
giving her four units of packed RBCs.
Hemoglobin was 5.4.
[Seok-hyeong] What's the platelet count?
Is the DIC severe?
[Min-ha] It's 50,000.
[Seok-hyeong] What about the ultrasound?
Any bleeding in the abdomen?
-[Min-ha] I couldn't really see.
-[Seok-hyeong] And the retroperitoneum?
[Min-ha] A 5 by 6cm hematoma is suspected.
[water squirts]
[Seok-hyeong] I can see a laceration
all the way down there.
The vein is lacerated.
[anesthesiologist] She losing a lot
of blood. Her BP has dropped further.
[Seok-hyeong]
She's getting oxytocin, right?
-[anesthesiologist] Yes.
-[water squirting]
[Min-ha] Should we get ready
for a hysterectomy?
HYSTERECTOMY:
SURGERY TO REMOVE THE UTERUS
[sighs]
[Seok-hyeong]
This is her first birth, right?
[Min-ha] Yes.
[Seok-hyeong]
Let's try suturing this spot.
We'll try one more time.
-And then we'll remove it.
-[Min-ha] Okay.
[Seok-hyeong] Pass me the Allis
and the suture too.
[water squirting]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[plastic crinkles]
-[Seok-hyeong] Very good work, everyone.
[all] Thank you, Professor.
[anesthesiologist]
Well done, Professor Yang.
You even took care of the skin.
We got this done so quickly.
Well, the patient was unstable,
so I figured it'd be best
to finish it quickly.
Again, well done, everyone.
Oh, Yoon-hee, you know what?
Let's keep her in the ICU tonight.
Book a bed in the ICU
and let me know when she's there.
[Yoon-hee] Yes.
[Seok-hyeong] Min-ha,
is her husband outside?
[Min-ha] Yes.
-[button clicks]
-[rattles]
You know what? I'm so relieved, Professor.
About what?
Well, if we had to remove her uterus,
I wouldn't be able to face her husband.
Even if we had to explain
we had no other choice,
he wouldn't get it. He would be so upset.
Seriously, thank goodness.
No, I don't think so, Min-ha.
I'm certain he would have understood
and said it would be okay.
She's his wife,
and this is about his family.
And I'm sure he's thought about
this tough situation more than we have.
Right.
[tongue clicks, inhales deeply]
Don't you think that he would know
that saving her life
would be more important to us
than whether or not
we can actually save his wife's uterus?
Right, I'm sorry, Professor.
[inhales deeply]
[disappointed sigh]
-[footsteps receding]
-[breathes heavily]
[blows air nervously]
[both gasp]
Doctor, did the surgery go well?
What happened in there? Is my wife okay?
Yes. Yes, the surgery did go well.
-Thank you, Doctor. Thank you so much.
-Oh, gosh.
But a laceration
in the lower part of the uterus
caused by the baby moving down
resulted in a ruptured vein,
so we stitched it up
and stopped the bleeding.
We made certain
that the bleeding had stopped
and waited until her blood pressure
and pulse were normal.
-Your wife is fine now.
-Uh-huh.
However, your wife lost a lot of blood,
so we'll keep her in the ICU
until she stabilizes.
-Yes, I see.
-Thank you, Doctor.
Thank goodness she was
quickly transferred to us
from the private clinic.
I'm glad they handled
the situation very well.
-Thank you, Doctor.
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you very much.
-Thank you so much, Doctor.
In case of a speedy delivery, the cervix,
the lower, narrow part
of the uterus, should open up.
But if it opens up abruptly,
it could occasionally result
in cervical or vaginal tears.
Now, in this case,
there was a uterine rupture
in the lower segment, and this resulted
in extremely heavy bleeding.
That's what happened here.
She lost a lot of blood,
and her BP dropped during the surgery,
so at one point, we even considered
removing her uterus.
However, we were able
to resolve the problem,
so we didn't have to go that route.
I was scared. I knew
my wife was on the verge of death.
I didn't think about the uterus at all.
I just didn't want to lose my wife.
That's all I wished for.
Thank goodness she's okay now.
Look, Doctor. I can't thank you enough
for saving her life.
Thank you, Doctor. Thank you very much.
Can we see her, Doctor?
Do you think that's possible?
Ah, you can. But we'll have
to move her to the ICU first.
And then you can see her
once it's all sorted out.
All right, goodbye.
-Thank you, Doctor.
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you so much. Thank you.
-Thank you so much. Goodbye.
-Goodbye.
[sobbing joyously]
[Min-ha breathes deeply]
Professor, I'm so sorry.
I wish I wasn't so narrow-minded.
I still have a lot to learn as a doctor
and as a person too.
Just don't make the same mistake again.
Don't you think you're too hard
on yourself? Ease up a bit.
I'm very sorry.
It's okay. Don't worry.
I'm sure you'll learn in time.
Eventually, you'll learn how to think
from other people's perspectives.
Just don't do it again.
And learn from your mistake.
Yes, okay, I'll do that. I truly am sorry.
Okay, I have to go. I'm late for dinner.
-Take it easy.
-Thank you.
[chill music]
[disappointed sigh]
I'm so upset.
-[dogs barking in distance]
-[music fades]
[cupboard closes]
-[sighs]
-[footsteps approaching]
[Jong-su] Listen, Rosa,
I think you need a new kimchi fridge.
The one you have isn't cold at all.
It's nothing but a drawer.
[grunts, sniffs]
[deep inhale]
Why bother? I don't have
many years left to live.
What? I'll buy a new one now
and use it for only a year?
[chuckles]
Hey, it's okay.
I know quite a few people
who often forget their door code.
[inhales]
It's okay, huh? Let it go. Just forget it.
Jong-su, do you think…
I have Alzheimer's?
I'm too scared to see a doctor.
Uh, uh…
Wait, what? Alzheimer's?
You don't get that overnight, you know.
[whimpers]
But I've been forgetting things
for quite some time now.
[sighs]
Last week, I drove downtown
to go to the pharmacy.
On my way back…
[tongue clicks]
…I got lost because I was confused.
[melancholic music]
[sniffles]
I know my way back here.
I take that route all the time.
But then…
my mind went suddenly blank, Jong-su.
[Rosa sniffles]
It was a struggle to get home.
[Rosa sobbing]
Something is wrong with me,
and it's getting worse.
What should I do?
Listen to me, Rosa. You should get tested.
[lips smack]
Okay, but I won't go to Yulje.
Not go to Yulje?
Your son is a doctor there.
Do you really want to embarrass him?
Also, what will he say if he finds out?
I'm sure that boy of yours
will cry his eyes out.
[sighs loudly]
Oh, okay, listen. I'll book
an appointment with Mr. Kettle.
It's important you tell
Jeong-won right away.
No way, don't book it yet.
[clears throat]
And don't say anything to Jeong-won.
[sighs]
I will tell him.
Let me be the one to tell my son,
and I'll also go see a doctor.
[tongue clicks]
Just give me a few days to think it over.
[inhales deeply]
Very well. I can wait a few days.
-Mm-hmm.
-But just a few days, okay?
-[tableware clinks]
-Hang on. I know what.
I will give you one week
to think about it.
After a week, I'm taking you
to a hospital, okay?
-All right, Jong-su.
-[sighs]
Okay, now let's eat, hmm?
Wow. Ooh, what kind of soup is this?
Your favorite
soybean paste soup, obviously.
This time, I put in some
dried radish greens. Do you like it?
Yes, it's so good.
I could eat two bowls of this.
[chuckles]
Right. So listen, Rosa.
How about you get back
into that thing of yours?
-What?
-The thing you devoted your youth to.
[scoffs]
At my age?
Well, why not, Rosa?
It's the perfect age
to start anything new.
No, I'm too old for that.
People will laugh at me.
Who cares about that?
Look, Rosa. I'm not saying
you should go to college or get a job.
If you want to do it, go ahead.
Don't worry so much.
It isn't proper to do anything
you want at this age.
People will just mock you.
I want to age gracefully,
so I'm not doing it.
-[sighs, grunts]
-[chopsticks clink]
[gasps]
-Would you like more?
-[slurps]
Yes, I'll mix it with rice.
Serve it in a bigger bowl.
Oh, no, don't worry. I'll do it. Let me.
I can get it myself.
[Jong-su grunts]
[Rosa] It's in the lower cupboard.
[Jong-su] I know.
[cupboard opens]
[sizzles]
[titillating string music]
Hey, little piggies.
[both] What?
Stop staring at the grill.
The two of you are making
the poor cook very uncomfortable.
It's embarrassing. Quit staring.
They won't even answer me.
Listen, it's fine.
I'll grill some kimchi too.
[sizzles]
-[both exclaim]
-[Jeong-won] Where's Seok-hyeong?
He's on his way now.
There was an emergency.
Really? Let's talk to him about it
when he's here.
That one's mine. Mine, you hear?
No, it's mine. I've been
staring at it the whole time.
-[pig squeaks]
-[door open]
Oh! Uh…
Hello. Hey, is it cooked?
Yeah, have a seat. Come on, sit down.
[sighs]
I'm famished.
[upbeat music]
[clonks]
[blows air]
Huh?
It's delicious.
-[tableware clanks]
-[both] Hey!
-[munches]
-[quirky music sting]
-[clinks]
-[thuds]
Can we make time, though?
Yeah, if we plan in advance,
we should be able to take two days off.
Well, yeah, I do want
to go to Mount Seorak.
It's been over 20 years since I last went.
I've been back a few times, you know.
It's still lovely.
I'm pretty sure I can take
two days off from work too.
But listen, Ahn Jeong-won.
We're not gonna climb
dinosaur ridge, are we?
-Climb dinosaur ridge? That's insane.
-You scumbag.
-The tofu stew restaurant?
-It's by the entrance.
Oh, dinosaur ridge?
[fingers snap]
That's an awesome idea.
Hey, guys. So should we try it this time?
-Hey! Let's do it! Let's climb that ridge!
-Can we finish eating dinner first?
-I'm starving, man.
-[Ik-jun] We got this.
[playful music]
[clonks]
Let's do it sometime early in May, okay?
I'll plan the trip
with the holidays in mind.
Yeah, sure.
Look at Song-hwa there.
She loves that grill.
Yeah, I love it.
[sighs]
It would be perfect for a camping trip.
You think they'd sell it?
Uh…
Are you thinking of asking to buy it?
You know what, you are insane.
Fine, I won't. I'll be quiet.
-Oh, great meal. Thanks, Andrea.
-Yeah, sure.
-Thank you. This was great.
-No problem.
-[Song-hwa] Thank you.
-Excuse me, sir. Your to-go order.
-[Seok-hyeong] Oh, thank you.
-You're welcome.
Hey, wait. When did you order that?
-Nice one. Very well done.
-Hey, wait!
-Hey. Where are you going? Come back here.
-[Ik-jun] Here we go.
-We ordered everything on the menu.
-[laughter]
Sir, excuse me! Excuse me!
Listen. Can I get
a doggie bag for the leftovers?
-I've got a dog who's always hungry.
-[dog barking]
[Ik-sun chuckles]
[exhales]
So who is causing you to smile like that?
It's Captain Hong.
Captain Hong?
You mean that guy in the other unit?
Yeah, he's the only guy there
I'm in contact with.
-He wants me to join the gosu club.
-"Gosu"?
Captain Hong is very excited about it.
He loves gosu.
Oh!
Oh, I completely forgot.
-I haven't kissed U-ju good night yet.
-Huh.
[chuckles]
Uh, this might fall.
[door opens and closes]
-[door opens and closes]
-[phone thuds]
[footsteps approaching]
Hey, I think U-ju is a genius.
I had dinner with him tonight, and that
seven-year-old kid knows Pythagoras.
You taught him that?
It's the name of a tonkatsu place.
He also knows Socrates.
It's a tteokbokki place.
[exhales]
I'm going to bed. Good night.
[Ik-sun sighs deeply]
[Min-ha exhales]
[Min-ha] Don't do it again. Okay, Min-ha?
Learn from your mistake.
You may be a little naive,
but you never do what you're told not to.
Look, it's okay.
I'm certain Professor Yang
is not disappointed, hmm?
[aggressive tone]
But you're bound to make another mistake
in a different situation.
I'll bet you're going to say
or do something stupid, you ignorant fool!
-[tense music]
-Listen. Don't ever screw up again.
You will never grow up or improve.
You wanna know why I know that?
Because you are
embarrassingly clueless and immature.
[sighs]
[giggles]
[in sweet tone]
Oh, yes, you saw the look on his face?
He didn't seem that disappointed,
did he, hmm?
-[light music]
-It's okay. There's still hope for you.
Look, Min-ha, you've got one more chance.
Just one more chance, and that's it, okay?
-Hmm? Hmm.
-[door opens]
Dr. Chu.
No one else is here, right?
Mm-hmm, why?
I swear, I heard a bunch of people
talking, laughing and arguing
about something in here.
I heard three different voices.
[birds twittering]
Oh, Yoon-hee, you must be really tired.
Go sleep. I'll wake you up later.
Get some rest, hmm?
[sighs]
Yeah.
[exhales deeply]
[grunts]
[bed creaking]
[Yoon-hee snoring]
[snoring and moaning]
[Rosa inhales and exhales]
[grunts and groans]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[gasps, thuds]
-[groans and cries]
-[tense music]
Hey, are you awake?
[Rosa] Mm.
Is something the matter?
[Rosa] My head hurts a lot.
What? Why does your head hurt?
[Rosa] Well, I fell out of bed
last night, Jong-su.
I hit my head hard on the floor.
Turn the car around.
We're going to Yangpyeong.
Jong-su, you're coming now? Don't bother.
Why are you being so stubborn?
Just get dressed and wait for me.
[Rosa yells]
What for? I'm fine.
-[phone beeps]
-[inhales]
[tires squeak]
[uneasy music]
I'm coming down now. It's all right.
I've got this. No need to stay.
You might be late for your meeting.
[Jong-su] It's not a big deal.
I can move it to tomorrow.
Hey, Jeong-won. Your mom
isn't seriously hurt. She's okay.
She was cheerful on our way here.
Take your time, okay?
Okay, thanks. I'm almost there.
-[sighs]
-[monitor beeping]
[beeping continues]
-Song-hwa's here.
-[exhales]
Are you okay, Ms. Jeong?
Did you hurt your arm too?
[Jeong-won] She got a scratch
from something she hit as she fell.
-How's the CT scan?
-Well, I checked it just now.
Is it okay? Did it show a hemorrhage
or something? Like a skull fracture?
No hemorrhage, no skull fractures.
She seems fine.
Oh, thank goodness.
Hey, Jeong-won, can we talk?
Mm.
[exhales]
[nervously breathes, gulps]
See this? Right here.
I see a bit of hydrocephalus in this area.
"Hydrocephalus," Song-hwa?
[Song-hwa] Yes,
the CSF flow is obstructed.
Looks like it has caused
interstitial edema around the ventricle.
Have you noticed
if she's more forgetful these days
or keeps falling because her legs
suddenly give out?
Well, come to think of it, recently,
my mom has been more forgetful than usual.
In fact, she even forgot
about her favorite niece's wedding.
And I have noticed her
being unsteady on her feet too.
[tongue clicks]
She probably fell last night
because her legs gave out
when she got up from bed.
[sighs]
[inhales]
Let's have her admitted.
We'll do a lumbar drainage
and drain the CSF.
Mm.
What will we do if her symptoms
subside after that?
Well, if your mom's condition improves,
I think we should perform shunt surgery
to transfer the excess CSF to the abdomen.
[sighs deeply]
All right, then. Thanks, Song-hwa.
Oh, you must have some appointments.
You should go attend to them.
Don't worry. I don't start till later.
I'll go say goodbye to your mom.
Mm.
[blows air]
It's okay.
Based on the CT scan, it's not serious.
Even if your mom needs surgery,
she'll recover quickly
if the surgery goes well.
[sighs heavily]
How could I not know about this?
I'm her son!
I see her every weekend.
[deep inhale]
[sighs]
I didn't notice. What kind of doctor am I?
I'm useless as a doctor.
Hey, it happens, Jeong-won.
Most people would say it's just old age.
Even I wouldn't suspect an illness.
Look, it's okay.
[sharp exhale]
[curtains rattle]
-Oh, good morning.
-Hello.
[Rosa] Song-hwa.
Well, tell me, it's pretty bad, isn't it?
[tongue clicks, inhales]
-Well…
-It's okay, I'll tell her.
-You should get going.
-[Rosa] No.
I want my doctor to tell me
what my condition is.
Be honest with me, Song-hwa.
I can take it.
[monitor beeping]
"Hydrocephalus"?
Yes. That's what I suspect it is.
Um, it's like a build-up of fluid
within the brain.
My hunch is, based on your CT scan,
we need to run tests, so I want you
to stay over for a few days.
We'll do a lumbar drain by inserting
a very thin tube into your lower spine
to drain some cerebrospinal fluid.
You'll try walking
after we do this procedure.
If your gait stability
and alertness improve significantly,
we'll confirm the diagnosis
of hydrocephalus
and discuss your treatment plans.
It's possible you will need surgery.
I don't have Alzheimer's?
Pardon?
No, you don't, Mom.
We think it's hydrocephalus.
Well, yes, the symptoms are similar
to those of Alzheimer's,
-but they're not the same.
-He's right.
The good news is hydrocephalus
is a treatable condition, Ms. Jeong.
What's more, every case is different.
We'll know more after the surgery.
However, you developed
the symptoms recently.
[Song-hwa] Also, don't worry,
you're still pretty young.
You'll have a fully recovery
after you get this condition treated.
[sniffles and sobs]
Thank you.
[sobbing]
Thank you, Song-hwa.
-[Jong-su] There, there.
-[sobbing]
You're the only one I know
who's thankful to be diagnosed with that.
It's a serious condition, you know.
[Rosa sniffing and sobbing]
You thought you had Alzheimer's?
[quivers]
Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
My gosh.
[emotional music]
Song-hwa.
[clears throat]
[deep inhale]
I can endure most anything.
Do what you need to do.
Whatever operation or procedure,
I can handle it.
Jeong-won, don't worry about me.
[Rosa] Getting surgery doesn't scare me.
Why are you crying, son?
I'll be fine, okay, huh?
[emotional music continues]
[exhales]
[breathes heavily]
[sighs deeply]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-What, a brain tumor?
-[Song-hwa] Yes.
A brain tumor. She was treated
for breast cancer three years ago.
Based on the shape of the tumor
and the swelling around it,
it's possible
it's a metastatic brain tumor.
The MRI shows a tumor that's about 3.5cm.
But due to its location,
the surgery won't be too easy
if you decide to have it.
However, it can be done with success.
But she had chemotherapy and radiotherapy
as well as breast cancer surgery
three years ago.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's highly likely that the cancer
has spread to her brain this time.
[heavy exhale]
[sighs]
You must have had
some difficulty breathing.
How did you manage it?
Well, you know, Doctor,
I've always found it hard to breathe…
[breathes deeply]
…even while I'm talking.
It's been this way
for as long as I can remember,
and I had gotten used to it,
so it wasn't a problem.
But these days…
[exhales]
…it's gotten worse,
much worse than before.
You see, Doctor, it was…
It was, it was never this bad.
But it's different now.
Doctor, my father always sounds
like he's out of breath when he talks.
We thought that was just
the way he speaks.
We had no idea he has a hole in his heart.
Please tell us what exactly
is his condition called.
Well, the heart ultrasound shows
he has ASD,
which stands for an atrial septal defect.
There is a thick wall between the atria.
But now, there's a hole in that wall.
That is the atrial septal defect.
And I am also seeing some symptoms
of, uh, tricuspid
and moderate lung insufficiency.
It's a condition
he's had since he was little.
He probably didn't notice it
until his condition worsened
due to the tricuspid insufficiency.
[inhales]
Doctor, what's the cause of it?
Actually, most cases
of congenital heart defect
have no known cause.
Will my dad need surgery
to get it treated?
For now, surgery is the only option.
Other procedures
are not an option in this case.
Will it be risky?
Look, that is not the main issue here.
It's an open-chest surgery,
so yes, it's going to be very easy.
I'll be frank. If you undergo the surgery,
you're going to be the oldest ASD patient
I have ever operated on.
There are some doctors who say that
elderly ASD patients such as yourself
often tend to show
no improvement in symptoms
even after the defect is fixed
or corrected through surgery.
[somber music]
Can she be operated on?
Yes, she can undergo surgery.
The PET scan shows us
that it hasn't spread elsewhere.
But the tumor is pretty big.
I think surgery and radiotherapy
will be your best solution at the moment.
[gasps]
Surgery at my age? Forget it.
Listen, Doctor, I…
I don't want an operation.
[sighs deeply]
Please let's not do it.
Why even bother?
It's not I can live
much longer anyway, right?
So let's just forget about it.
-Goodness, Ma. What are you talking about?
-[grunts and groans]
You need that surgery, the doctor said so.
[sighs]
Tell her. Tell her she needs the surgery.
Mom really needs to have it.
[deep inhale]
Doctor.
[sighs]
What if…
she doesn't have it, what would happen?
What? No!
Well…
[sighs]
Don't hold back, Doctor.
It's okay. I can take it.
So please, you can tell us
your honest opinion.
Well, if you feel like
it would take a toll on you,
we could just do radiotherapy,
no surgery. Is that all right?
But it looks like the tumor is malignant,
and it's quite sizable.
With radiotherapy,
if the tumor grows too quickly,
within six months,
I'm afraid you could pass away.
[gasps]
What if I get the surgery?
Well, ma'am, we won't know for certain
because every case is different.
If it goes well and there are no problems,
and you undergo radiotherapy
and other necessary treatment,
you can definitely live longer.
I think it's much too early to give up.
[sighs]
Doctor… my mother is 78 years older.
She's almost 80, you know.
Do you think it's worth the trouble?
She is elderly,
and it's an open-brain surgery.
So yes, I'm quite concerned about
whether she will be able to handle
any postoperative complications.
Of course, we'll do a biopsy,
and that way, we'll know more.
Let me tell you my premise
for why I suspect it's malignant.
You see, the size and number
of metastatic brain tumors
are the key factors in determining
exactly how they should be treated.
In this case, there is only one,
but it is quite big.
Its location is quite tricky
to operate on,
but I don't think
it will be too difficult.
Speaking as a neurosurgeon,
I believe it will be beneficial to her.
Honestly, this surgery is the only option
for your mother's condition.
But what if the surgery goes wrong?
I heard sepsis can occur.
What if there's a mistake
or she doesn't wake up?
There could be complications. And also,
there's a possibility she won't wake up.
However, 70 is the new 50,
wouldn't you say?
[exhales]
I had a patient
who had brain surgery at 77,
who still comes in regularly
for follow-ups.
It's up to you, of course.
As your doctor,
I can't decide that for you.
It's the patient who has to decide
along with you, her family.
[exhales, sniffles]
Um, Doctor, can my family meet
before we let you know our decision?
Yes, of course, you can.
Of course, the symptoms
improve drastically in some cases.
But it's all case by case,
I want you to know that.
It's up to you, sir.
You're the one who must decide.
Please understand.
I can't make that decision for you.
To sum up, he can undergo surgery
knowing it's quite risky at his age,
and it may not even help,
or he could not have the procedure
and live with the condition.
Those are our choices, right?
[deep inhale]
Look, Doctor.
-We have to think about this--
-I do want it. I want the surgery.
[labored breathing]
Dad.
Please, Doctor. I do want it.
Even if I die soon,
I want to get the surgery.
[emotional music]
[man] I may not have much time left.
But I still want to live
for as long as I can.
Please, Doctor.
I want to get the surgery.
-Please…
-[sighs]
Please, Doctor, let me get it. Please?
[deep breathing]
Please help me. I really need your help.
Very well, sir. I know
this was a difficult decision to make.
And I promise you, I will do my very best
to make sure everything goes well.
Thank you very much.
[emotional music continues]
Hey, Mom.
Mom.
We'll just go and settle the bill.
Stay here, okay?
Mm.
[sighs]
[inhales]
-[footsteps receding]
-[sighs deeply]
[deep breathing]
If she gets the surgery,
she can live much longer.
Don't you think she deserves that?
What if she dies
because we decided against it?
Do you think that you could get on
with your life without feeling any guilt?
But what if it doesn't go well?
She'll only be okay
if the surgery and radiotherapy go well.
The surgery itself
does not guarantee us anything.
[phone ringing]
Yes, Dae-jun.
Seriously?
[chuckles]
So they'll really sign with us?
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
Yeah, I'm at the hospital now.
I'll call you back.
[phone beeps]
What? Are you actually smiling right now?
How can you be happy
at a time like this, huh?
Is money everything?
Who will pay Mom's hospital bills?
If she wants surgery,
then we need money to pay for it.
I know you've done a lot
to look after Mom.
I've been stressed out too.
I pay all her bills behind my wife's back.
So I've done a lot too.
Well, that's the least you can do for Mom.
What?
How much money have you taken
from her for your damn business?
How much money did you take from her
when you quit your job
and started your lighting business?
If you had a conscience, you
wouldn't give this issue a second thought.
You should be ashamed of yourself,
sponging off money from your own mother!
-Ms. Lee Ae-gyeong?
-Oh, excuse me. I'm here!
-[liquid splashes]
-Oh, no. I'm so sorry.
-I truly am sorry.
-Oh, it's all right. Don't worry, dear.
-I truly am sorry. I'm sorry, ma'am.
-[groans]
What do you want to do?
I'll persuade Mom
to get the surgery no matter what.
She's almost 80.
Even if she passes away tonight,
it's normal.
She won't be able to handle
brain surgery at her age.
What if something goes wrong, huh?
What will you do
if she's worse after the surgery?
It's too much.
It's just too much.
Let's just see how things go.
I'm sure that's what Mom wants.
What if it's not?
What if Mom says she wants the surgery?
She may actually want it, you know.
[sobs]
What if she's not just saying it
because she feels bad for us?
Then what'll we do?
I don't think she wants it.
I bet she just wants to leave it.
Remember her breast cancer.
She went through hell.
She suffered so much.
Tell me. Do you think
she wants to go through that again?
Look, Min-seo.
Let's not put her through that again.
-[sobbing]
-Okay?
I honestly think that what we have…
[inhales deeply]
We've done enough.
[weeping]
[dramatic music]
[Seong-yeong] Betadine ball, please.
TREATMENT ROOM
[squishes]
Pass me the needle.
[plastic crinkles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[door opens]
Jeong-won, are you in surgery?
[Jeong-won]
I just finished. How did it go?
It's hydrocephalus.
[Jeong-won sighs]
So should I be relieved or not?
[Song-hwa] Well, I'll check again tonight,
but just to be absolutely sure,
I had her walk for a bit, and I noticed
some very clear improvement.
She says she feels more alert.
[Jeong-won] Thanks, Song-hwa.
I'll come up now.
Okay. I've said this numerous times
to your mother and her caregiver as well.
We'll remove the drain in the evening,
but she must stay in bed
until morning, okay?
Keep an eye on her.
[Jeong-won] Okay. Hang on.
She doesn't have a caregiver.
She does. Her name's Ju Jong-su. Gotta go.
[phone beeps, rings]
Yes. Hello?
[Seong-yeong] Professor.
About Byun Yeong-gyu,
the SDH patient who received
a craniectomy three days ago,
the patient is wheezing,
his status is stupor.
We should do a CT scan.
Do it right away
and prepare for intubation.
-I'm on my way.
-[phone beeps]
[beeps]
[Song-hwa] Uh…
[line dials and rings]
-[Mrs. Chae] Hi, sweetheart.
-Hey, Mom. You're here, right?
[Mrs. Chae] Well, yes, I am.
Why do you come so early?
You should've come on time.
[sighs]
Look, Mom, I don't think
I can go with you.
I have to go into surgery.
[Mrs. Chae] Sure, no problem.
I'm not a child. Don't you worry.
I'll just introduce myself
and ask your professor
to take very good care of you.
No, Mom! Why would you do that?
This professor is my role model, Mom.
Listen, do not say anything, okay?
Just listen, don't talk, huh?
[Mrs. Chae] Well, okay. Fine.
You always tell me not to say anything.
So are you still working?
Let's have dinner when you're done.
Hey, Mom, I have to go.
Take care, all right?
I'm sure you'll be fine. Bye.
[phone beeps]
[lock beeps]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[siren wailing in distance]
You're a very handsome young man, Doctor.
Who is your mother?
[Jeong-won chuckles]
Jeong Rosa is my mother.
Ah, Jeong Rosa, I see.
What a lucky woman she is.
Her son is so handsome and tall.
She has such a good and helpful child.
[Rosa chuckles]
No, I'm not a good son.
[exhales]
You haven't been feeling well.
[inhales]
But I've been so busy, I didn't notice.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I'm really sorry I wasn't there for you.
Look, Jeong-won.
I am in such a good mood right now.
[chuckles]
I thought I had Alzheimer's.
[tongue clicks]
[inhales deeply]
And I got so worried.
"What if I don't recognize my own children
and forget all the happy memories
that I've cherished for so many years?"
I'm so relieved that…
[breathes deeply]
…it's not that disease.
And what I have is treatable.
For me, that's good news.
It feels like a very huge weight
was lifted off my shoulders.
[Rosa chuckles]
You know, son,
even small things like a phone call
can completely change your life.
No one can be certain
they know what tomorrow holds.
Now listen to me, my sweet boy.
Don't ever blame yourself
for something like this, okay? Hmm?
Do you promise? Hmm?
[sniffles]
[chuckles]
[phone ringing]
-Yes, Professor. Thank you very much.
-[Dr. Noh] Sure thing. Where are you?
I performed surgery on a patient
with excessive bleeding.
[Song-hwa] Oh, yeah, my mom
must have left by now. Is she okay?
[Dr. Noh] Have you noticed
anything strange about her recently?
When she came in today,
I noticed mild symptoms
of resting tremor and bradykinesia,
so we performed a PET scan
to see if she has Parkinson's disease.
[Dr. Noh sighs]
I think she has it.
I could tell the moment I met your mother.
One of my patients who had booked
a PET scan for today didn't show up,
so we did it just in case.
Her dopamine transport levels are low.
Did you know about this?
-[sighs deeply]
-[Dr. Noh, exhales, tongue clicks]
I prescribed her L-DOPA,
and her next appointment is in two weeks.
Uh, hello?
Song-hwa.
Are you there?
[gentle mellow music]
[exhales deeply]
[line dials, rings]
-[Mrs. Chae] Oh, hi, sweetheart.
-Oh, hi, Mom. So are you home right now?
[Mrs. Chae] Yes, I got in just now.
[stiff chuckle]
It's still the initial stage.
I went through the test results,
you're in the early stage.
It's actually incredible
that we found out so early.
Hey, Mom, listen. There are lots
of good medicine for it these days.
Take care of yourself, you'll be fine.
Don't worry too much. Okay?
Your daughter is a good neurosurgeon.
There's nothing to worry about.
[chuckles]
Mom, you'll be just fine.
Oh, yeah. I'm coming over.
I want to sleep at home today.
There's no traffic right now,
so I'll be there very soon, okay?
I'll see you in a bit.
[Mrs. Chae] Song-hwa, I know you're busy.
Why would you come all the way here?
Focus on your work. I'll be fine.
Oh, sweetheart.
I'm so sorry I made you worry.
Song-hwa, there's no need
to come over. I'll be okay.
-[sobs]
-Are you working all night, huh?
Mom.
I'm not busy.
I'm done for the day.
And work isn't important now.
I'll see you in a bit.
[phone beeps]
[deep exhale]
[emotional music]
[deep sigh]
[breathes heavily]
[knocks on door]
Hey, what's wrong? Are you okay?
[inhales]
Uh…
[exhales]
[lips smack]
My mother has Parkinson's.
[breathes deeply]
[unsure exhale]
[soft sobbing]
Shouldn't you go home, Song-hwa?
Mm-hmm.
[lips smack]
I'm going to head out now.
Do you need a ride?
[gasps]
[sobs]
Yes. Yes, I do.
Get changed and come down.
I'll be out front.
Mm-hmm.
[sniffles, sighs]
[sighs heavily]
[exhales seriously]
[sullen music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[rattles]
[sighs, grunts]
[exhales]
[both sigh]
Mr. Sun Du-ho.
Hello. I'm here to get your dinner order,
and also to remind you
to fast after midnight, all right?
Yes, he knows about that.
Oh, excuse me. Was it Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul?
-Isn't that right?
-Yes, it is.
What time will Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul come over?
I'm sorry, Dr. Jang is off duty today.
[both] What?
-Uh…
-Well, what about tomorrow?
Will Dr. Jang assist in my dad's surgery?
Uh, well, I'm not so sure. I was told
Dr. Jang would be back tomorrow.
But as of now, we don't know
which surgery she'll be assisting.
Oh, is that so? I see. Thank you.
By the way, we need you to sign
the consent form later today.
Okay.
[door slides open]
[sighs]
Hey, Mom, she'll assist
in Dad's surgery tomorrow, right?
-His surgery is very early.
-Hey! My goodness, who cares?
It's all pointless anyway.
Seong-hui, close the curtain.
-[gasps]
-Go.
[sighs]
[rattles]
Ah, I see. So it can
actually be done after all.
That's right. I'll double-check
to be completely sure,
but I think the limit will be pretty high.
Oh, is the loan for buying
a new home or for a lease deposit?
Well, no, it's neither of those. Uh…
Look, this may be TMI,
but my parents run a guesthouse.
-Oh, where is it?
-[funky music]
-In Sokcho, close to Mount Seorak, ma'am.
-[gasps]
The view must be lovely.
It must be an amazing sight.
Not quite. There is no view.
It's quite a walk to get there.
Ah…
[chuckles awkwardly]
It's about 7km away,
which I suppose isn't too far.
Oh, but you can see Ulsan Rock
from the house.
Well, a little bit. Just a small bit.
Oh…
[chuckles awkwardly]
You know, the guesthouse
used to get good ratings before.
But then, recently,
the reviews haven't been good.
They say it's clean,
but the rooms and facilities are old.
The owners are nice,
but the rooms are too old.
My parents are very upset about it,
so I want to send them money
for renovations.
And you said I would
be approved for a loan, right?
They can fix up the place
and do a grand reopening. Good.
Oh, I'll be returning next week.
And I'll bring the documents
needed for you to process the loan.
-All right, have a good day.
-[teller] You too, goodbye.
CREDIT UNION
[Min-ha] Let's see.
Oh, Dr. Heo!
Another installment account?
You either don't know how to use the app
or you just love to save money.
Nether. Today, it's a loan.
Are you buying a home?
Well, no. I know this is TMI,
but my parents run a guesthouse and…
Look, I'll tell you later.
Where are you off to?
Professor Chae's office,
to get her advice on my thesis.
Ah. Oh, I've got surgery.
Sorry, got to go!
[rapid footsteps receding]
[Seon-bin] Professor,
I tried rewriting it as per your advice.
[Song-hwa] Seon-bin.
Would you mind if we skip this week?
Oh, sure.
Let's do it next week.
Sure.
Could you let everyone know
that I'll reschedule them as well?
Of course, no problem.
-[notebook thuds close]
-[zipper rasps close]
-I'll take off, then.
-Mm.
-Hello.
-[Ik-jun] Hello.
Oh, that's right. She's helping you
with your thesis today.
It looks like you're finished.
Did the next person go in?
No, we're skipping this week.
-Is Song-hwa busy?
-Not quite.
She wants to take it easy this week.
Truth is she's been looking
pretty fatigued since yesterday.
I've known her for a long time.
I've never seen her this way.
She even canceled
the lab meeting next week.
I have to get going.
[soft chuckle]
Let's go in now.
[phone ringing]
[Ik-jun] Yes?
You can leave it in front of my office.
Okay, thank you.
-[Jun-wan] Courier?
-[Ik-jun] Yup. Correct.
-[Jun-wan] What did you get?
-[Ik-jun] It's a secret.
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[bed whirring]
[clacks]
-[clonks]
-[clears throat]
[exhales]
[Jong-su] Just a second.
-[grunts]
-[Jong-su] Okay, easy now.
-There. Better?
-[sighs]
You know what, you're good at this.
Well, I have been doing this for years.
[chuckles]
-Want something to drink?
-Oh, yes. My mouth is so dry. Mm.
[grunts]
-[bottle cap cracks open]
-[grunts]
[soft chuckle]
Mom, have you not eaten yet?
You have surgery tomorrow.
You have to eat something.
-You can't eat after midnight, Mom.
-[sips and gulps]
Okay. Have you had dinner?
No. But I will, after my appointment
with a patient's guardian.
Hey, Mom, Dong-il will be here soon.
You want him to bring something?
[knocks on door]
Oh! Who knocked?
Must be a courteous person.
It must be the kids.
They didn't have to come tonight.
Tell them to leave.
I don't want to be a bother to them.
Telling them to leave is pointless.
They never listen to me, Mom.
Come right in.
[door opens]
[Rosa gasps]
Oh, my gosh.
Look who it is.
Good evening.
[Jong-su] Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul.
Hello, everyone.
Are you here to see me?
Yes.
-[taps loudly]
-Me, not him. Right? Is that so?
[chuckles]
Yes.
Oh, wow!
[giggles]
-[tapping and laughs]
-[chuckles awkwardly]
-[Rosa clapping]
-[chuckles]
VIP ROOM 2
[door clacks close]
[uplifting music]
Uh…
Have a nice evening.
-Ah, take care.
-[soft chuckle]
Oh, about my surgery, I want you
to know that I'm not worried.
I know it will go very well,
because you're the one handling it!
[giggles]
Goodness, you have
the most random thoughts.
-Dr. Jang, you take care.
-Thank you.
Good night, then! Till tomorrow.
-Go on. Oh, stop.
-Go on in. Goodbye, then. Bye.
-Go on in. Come on. Go inside.
-Uh…
-[Jong-su] Come on. Let's go, Rosa.
-[chuckles]
-[Jong-su patting]
-[Rosa] Don't push.
[button beeps and clicks]
So when did you get back?
In the morning.
[Jeong-won] You should've called me.
It was a surprise.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
So is your mother doing okay?
Yes. She was feeling much better,
so I decided to bring her here to Seoul
only because I thought
it would be best if she stayed with me.
I see.
Professor, why is it you didn't tell me
about your mom's surgery?
I know you have a lot going on.
I didn't want to trouble you.
Tell me, how did you find out?
I found out when I stopped by
to check some patient charts.
That's when I heard about it.
Honestly speaking, everyone
at the hospital knows about it.
[chuckles]
Yeah, I'm sure.
[elevator dings]
[door slides open]
[elevator humming]
[romantic music]
[elevator dings]
[romantic music continues]
[doors slide close]
Gyeo-ul, are you really okay?
Mm.
Why don't we have dinner later? I have
one last appointment to get to, though.
Maybe next time. I have to hurry home.
Is that okay?
Oh, sure. Next time.
[elevator dings]
[chuckles]
[flat music sting]
Watch out.
[button beeps and clicks]
Are we going down?
Yeah. You can go back up.
So on your way to see my mom?
I think she's having dinner now.
I'll stop by later.
[chuckles]
Hey, what's that?
Secret.
Wait, why are you here?
[gasps]
Aren't you off duty?
Enjoy your time to the fullest.
Don't do this. It's against the rules.
-[elevator dings]
-I'm sorry, Professor.
Oh, I'll get off on the second floor.
I just have to make a quick stop.
-Oh, all right.
-Rest up.
Mm-hmm.
[romantic music]
[sighs]
[clanks]
Look, Dad, you need to eat, hmm?
It's your last meal before fasting.
I'm not hungry.
I know how much you like fish,
but you haven't touched it.
[Mrs. Sun] Please eat. Just a little.
-Yeah, Dad.
-No, just leave me alone.
Good evening.
[gasps]
Look, Dr. Jang is here.
-Hello, Dr. Jang. It's nice to see you.
-Good evening.
Well, then, Mr. Sun,
how are you feeling tonight?
Oh, I feel great.
As a matter of fact, I feel strong.
[Gyeo-ul] Oh, it looks like
you haven't eaten.
Won't you be hungry?
You have to fast after midnight.
Oh, I was just about to eat.
I haven't started yet.
[chuckles, slurps]
You know, Doctor, his surgery
is booked early in the morning.
You'll be here for his surgery, right?
Yes, of course. Most surgeries
are booked first thing in the morning.
There's no need to worry
because I'll be there with you.
Oh, thank you very much, Doctor.
I won't be the lead surgeon tomorrow,
but I promise you I will do my best
when I assist Professor Kwon.
Good night.
-Thank you. Good night, Doctor.
-Good night.
[phone ringing]
[deep inhale]
Yes. What, Seok-min?
[Seok-min] Professor,
are you in your office?
Can I swing by for a moment?
I just have a favor to ask.
Yeah, sure.
[Seok-min] Thank you.
-[phone beeps]
-[sighs]
[clanks]
[sighs]
[message alert tone beeps]
[Seok-min] Actually, never mind.
It's sorted out. Get some rest.
[phone clanks]
[sighs deeply]
[emotional music]
CHAE SONG-HWA
What was the date again?
It's on July 15.
You see, there's going to be
a 30-minute lecture
which will be followed by a Q&A portion.
[sighs]
Thank you, Professor.
You're welcome. All right. Bye.
Bye.
Hello.
PROFESSORS' LOUNGE
[Ik-jun breathes deeply]
Hey, where are you off to, huh?
The director sent me on an errand.
Well, you see, Professor Chae is working
on the 15th anniversary
commemorative book's chronology.
-I was told to come here and get it.
-She's not finished.
Uh, tell the director
it's not ready yet, okay. Good.
Oh, you know what, I'll call the director
and explain the situation, hmm? Bye.
[quirky music]
Hello.
-[Yun-bok] Hello, good evening.
-[Ik-jun] Hello.
[chuckles]
Stop! Where are you going, Yun-bok?
Oh, I noticed Professor Chae
has been feeling pretty tired today,
so I brought her coffee and cake.
I think a sweet treat will cheer her up,
don't you think?
Mm, yes, I do. I'll bring these in.
Song-hwa needs some time alone today.
Ah, got it.
I'll make sure she gets them.
Thank you, Yun-bok.
No problem. Have a good night.
[playful music]
-[Yun-bok] Hello.
-Hello.
-[Jae-sin] Good evening.
-Oh, good evening. Stop right there.
Uh…
-What's up?
-Is Professor Chae in her office now?
-What do you need?
-I need some help
with my grad school homework.
Oh, well, you can ask me.
I'm smart. I know that stuff.
-Oh, really?
-Yeah.
[comical music sting]
[breathes deeply]
-[knocks on door]
-[gasps]
DO YOU HAVE SOME TIME TO SPARE?
-So what's this?
-It's not from the restaurant.
I scoured the internet
all night just to find the same one.
[laughs]
What? Don't you want it?
I do! I love it. It's great.
I, I, I love it.
-[Song-hwa] It's awesome.
-["I Like You" by Jo Jung-suk]
[giggles]
Oh, Ik-jun, it's wonderful.
You know what, you're nuts.
It's the same, right?
It's exactly the same.
I was so surprised when I got it
because it looks exactly the same.
-They sell this?
-Yep!
Wow! This grill is perfect
for a camping trip.
How did you even think to get this for me?
-[clonking]
-[laughs]
Seriously, this is wild!
[both laughing]
Okay, let's see. There.
We'll set it up like this.
Then we can grill some pork belly on it.
-[Ik-jun] And some kimchi right here.
-Yeah, kimchi.
-[Song-hwa] It would be great.
-Look, she's in a good mood.
Wasn't she feeling down all day?
Don't worry about her anymore.
Professor Lee is here.
-We can go eat now.
-[chuckles]
[lips smack]
All right.
[Song-hwa] Oh, we can buy
more marinated meat.
[Ik-jun] What can you cook
aside from grilled pork belly?
[Song-hwa] There's so much
we can do with it.
-[Ik-jun] I know, right?
-[Seon-bin chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[clonks]
[coin clinks]
-Did you eat it?
-[Jeong-won] Eat what?
-What else? My snack.
-[sighs]
It wasn't me.
I buy my own snacks at the store.
-[drawer slides close]
-Are you lying?
Are you turning into me?
Why are you being so petty?
Have you ordered yet?
-Yeah, I ordered.
-[Ik-jun] Did you order tuna gimbap?
Mm-hmm.
-[Ik-jun humming]
-[food rustling]
[cash register clinks]
[sighs]
[exhales]
I like the cream inside.
[munching]
What are you doing?
I'm eating a cookie.
Those are my cookies.
-Ah!
-Oh, you're the one who's upset?
Those cookies
are my only joy and happiness!
You wanna know
what my joy and happiness is?
-Getting on your nerves.
-[male video game voice] Fight!
[video game music]
-[Ik-jun] Let go.
-[Jun-wan] You first.
-[Ik-jun] No, you. You let go first.
-[Jun-wan] No, you, you started it.
[Jeong-won] Isn't Song-hwa coming?
And where's Seok-hyeong?
She has a conference. He has surgery.
Hey, Jun-wan.
Are you taking next Tuesday off?
I'll be with my mom. It's her birthday.
Not on the weekend?
That's the way we do it.
We celebrate on the day itself.
-Are you driving?
-Me? No.
I can't drive for four hours anymore.
I'll just take the express train
there and back.
-You bought tickets?
-Did you buy them?
[Jeong-won chuckles]
Ik-jun buys tickets for you?
Yes. If not, I'd have to buy them
at the Seoul Station.
He's the only one who's not
from Seoul who doesn't have a KORAIL ID.
I don't want the app.
Then go on their website.
It's a hassle.
I don't go to Changwon often.
[munching]
[pleading tone]
Please, Ik-jun?
Only if you get out of my sight.
-[mocking grunt]
-Forget it. I'm not doing it.
[footsteps approaching]
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, you remember me?
Yes, of course, I do.
You and your younger sister were here
with your mom when she came to see me.
Yes, yes, that's right.
I didn't expect I'd run into you here.
So then, what brings you here?
Well, my good friend of 30 years
has passed away.
[deep inhale]
He had a heart attack and died overnight.
It was so sudden.
[sobs]
I'm so sorry.
-[somber music]
-[sobbing]
He was…
only 50.
He turned 50 this year.
Recently, he made big money,
for the first time.
But he died overnight
before he could even spend any of it.
[man sighs heavily]
Life is strange. It's so pointless.
What's its purpose?
How should we live our lives?
I don't know. Who cares?
[chuckles]
Sorry for that.
Nice to see you again, Doctor.
[sullen music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Rosa sighs]
-Who packed all my things?
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
Mr. Ju.
I was going to do it,
but he already took care of it.
[laughs]
He's so organized.
He certainly is.
Are you wearing that to sleep?
What's wrong? They're really comfortable.
They make perfect pajamas.
[chuckles]
Oh, my goodness.
[both chuckle]
I'll turn out the lights?
[Rosa] Wait, I'd like to chat
with you first.
[both chuckle]
[Jeong-won sighs]
Mom.
After you get discharged,
I want you to make sure
to go for walks often
and exercise regularly, okay?
Mm-hmm, I promise.
And go out for nice meals
with Mr. Ju as often as you can.
-Nothing is as good as a home-cooked meal.
-[chuckles]
[Rosa chuckles softly]
[Jeong-won] Hey, Mom.
I want you to put your health
and welfare first.
[sighs]
I also want you to stop worrying about us.
[breathes deeply]
And don't worry about
falling ill when you're a little older.
Just think about yourself from now on.
And if, later on…
you do have Alzheimer's…
don't worry about it.
Even if you don't recognize your children…
[deep inhale]
…we'll recognize you every single day
and tell you
that you are our beautiful mother,
and that we love you.
[sniffles, chuckles]
[warm music]
Life is short, Mom.
So live every day to the fullest.
Okay, Mom?
[chuckles]
That's how I'd like you to live your life.
Mm.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
Jeong-won.
Mm?
I want to get back into it.
Hmm?
Can you please buy it for me, hmm?
[vacuum whirring]
[message alert tone chimes]
[vacuum whirs off]
[keypad clacking]
[phone clacks]
[vacuum whirs on]
[line dials and rings]
[Seok-hyeong] Hey, Ik-jun,
I have to go in for an emergency.
Change the song or something.
Sort it out, will you?
[phone beeps]
But the keyboard is what makes the song.
We can't practice without it.
Let's change the song.
Hey, calm down.
I haven't finished talking yet.
I invited a guest keyboardist. Hmph.
She's a busy one.
And she's expensive.
[inhales]
We had to bribe this lady…
with daisy seedlings and herring.
[yawns]
[quirky music sting]
[sighs]
[crackle]
[keyboardist chuckles]
-[laughs]
-[Jong-su chuckles]
Applause! Applause!
[chuckles]
[applause]
Shall we begin, madam?
Sure. Go easy on me, all right?
-[Rosa laughs]
-Thanks for helping us out.
[sighs]
[cymbal clanging]
[keyboard plays]
[Ik-jun singing in Korean]
♪ At first, it was nice to be alone ♪
♪ Being able to do whatever I want
Whenever I want ♪
♪ So I thought I had erased
All my memories of you ♪
♪ I really believed that I did ♪
♪ But you see ♪
♪ When I wake up alone
Early in the morning ♪
♪ And realize ♪
♪ That you're no longer with me ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ I cry without even realizing it ♪
♪ Have you changed at all? ♪
♪ The way you talked
Always put a smile on my face ♪
♪ Do you still talk like that? ♪
♪ I have changed ♪
♪ I don't smile as often as I used to ♪
♪ And I've lost some weight ♪
♪ Compared to when we were together ♪
♪ You understood me ♪
♪ But I thought
You were trying to control me ♪
♪ And thinking a real man
Should never show his emotions ♪
♪ I never once told you that I loved you ♪
♪ But you see ♪
♪ When I fill a blank piece of paper
With your name ♪
♪ And call you to hear your voice ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ I cry without even realizing it ♪
♪ Have you changed at all? ♪
♪ I used to love your smile so much ♪
♪ Do you still have
That beautiful smile? ♪
♪ I have changed ♪
♪ I don't smile as often as I used to ♪
♪ And I've lost some weight ♪
♪ Compared to when we were together ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ How's he doing? ♪
♪ Does he treat you well enough ♪
♪ That you can forget
All our moments together? ♪
♪ You should be happy ♪
♪ Because you met ♪
♪ A wonderful person ♪
♪ Who can do the things ♪
♪ That I wasn't able to do for you ♪
[music ending]
[cheering]
-[Jong-su] Wow!
-Woo-hoo!
-[Jong-su] Whoa!
-[all exclaiming]
[Rosa] Whoo!
-[Rosa laughs]
-All right.
[chuckles]
[Rosa] I'm getting teary-eyed.
[Yoon-hee sighs]
[Yoon-hee grumbles]
Seriously.
-[Hong-do] I'm so sorry.
-[scoffs]
[Hui-su] Why? What happened?
Did he make a mistake again?
Dr. Chu fainted from
her painful stomach cramps.
Instead of messaging
the residents about it,
he posted it on the OB-GYN group.
All the professors are in that group.
-[gasps]
-I'm very sorry.
It's okay. It happens, Hong-do.
-What happened? Did the professors come?
-Oh, no.
They just messaged back
and said, "Get well soon."
It's the weekend, you see.
Actually, one of them did come.
Who?
Professor Yang Seok-hyeong, that's who.
[groans]
[dreamy music]
Who are you, the nurse?
Where's Hui-su? Where's the nurse?
I'm delirious.
I'm seeing things.
[chuckles]
[moans]
[rattles]
[breathes deeply]
Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul?
Yes, it's me. Are you comfortable?
Should I raise the bed more?
[sighs]
Who's that person there?
Huh?
-[quirky music]
-That man, is it…
Is it you, Professor Yang?
Yes, it's me.
[Seok-hyeong] Are you all right?
Are the cramps gone?
[playful music]
[cries]
[sniffles, moans]
Professor…
What's wrong? Why are you crying?
[cries]
Does it hurt? Are you in pain?
I'll call Gwang-hyeon, okay?
No, please don't. I'm just so happy.
I don't want you to call anyone.
-What?
-[sobbing]
[chuckles]
[whimpers, patting]
Don't cry.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[rustles]
You can leave tomorrow.
Everything looks good,
even the ultrasound.
It's all thanks to you, Professor Kim.
I feel so much better.
I think the surgery was a big success.
Although there's one thing.
The surgery site feels pretty okay,
but my chest feels tight.
I feel some pain.
It's the same thing
with my back and spine.
Is that quite normal?
The pain is caused by the pressure
on your ligaments
and the cartilaginous joints
that occurs during the open-heart surgery.
We'll make sure
to give you enough pain killers.
The doctor here will go over
all the post-discharge
instructions thoroughly.
If you have questions, feel free to ask.
Take care.
Hey, Dad, I'll just throw this out.
I get to go home before you do, young man.
You take care now, hmm?
[chuckles]
Thank you, sir.
Stay healthy and take
good care of yourself.
You had heart surgery
after a liver transplant.
That's very impressive, hmm?
You know what,
you're invincible, young man.
[chuckles]
No, not at all. You're more impressive.
At your age,
you actually managed
to go through a difficult surgery.
[inhales deeply]
I have so much respect for you, you know.
No, I'm just being greedy.
I say that because I want
to live a long life.
While you, sir, still have
many years ahead of you.
[soft chuckle]
Don't let your illness win.
You must survive no matter what, hmm?
Yes. I will, sir.
[chuckles]
Hello.
So you seem well today.
You've been eating well, right?
[woman] Yes.
All the attending nurses here
take good care of me.
-It's nicer than being at home.
-[giggles]
We'll run more tests
before you undergo your surgery.
But they're all very easy ones.
Okay, that's fine.
After all, I've had chemotherapy before.
Getting these tests done
and undergoing surgery is no big deal.
I can get through it, no problem.
[chuckles, inhales]
Your family is here, aren't they?
-[door opens]
-[Song-hwa] Who's looking after you?
Hello, Doctor.
Your son is looking after you?
[chuckles]
Yes. My daughter started a new job,
so he'll stay here with me.
Hey, Mom, I'm pretty good at this.
I'm better than my sister, hmm?
[chuckles]
Yes, dear.
I'm also a better cook than she is.
Oh, you stop it. It's not a competition.
[chuckles]
-Ah, you're being too rough.
-Mom!
-Take it easy.
-Don't tease me, Mom, okay?
-I'll do this side.
-That tickles!
CHANGWON
[Jun-wan] Yeah, it's at the earliest one.
[Ik-jun] The earliest one? Okay, hold on.
Uh, is there a seat left?
Oh, sorry. I don't see any.
Then it doesn't matter.
Okay, then. Hey, who did you drink with
that you missed the last train?
Oh, dude. You won't believe it.
Both of my parents
and even my sister can drink a lot.
Ah, did you drink at home?
Hey, your mom got to see
both of her children on her birthday.
She must have been very happy.
Mm-hmm.
There, I booked it.
I'll text you the details.
Thanks.
You're thanking me? Boy, you are drunk.
[phone beeps]
[breathes deeply]
[chuckles]
CHANGWON, SEOUL
[seat belt clicks]
[sighs deeply]
[sweet music]
[bag clinking]
["Is It Still Beautiful"
by SEVENTEEN playing]
[cymbal clangs]
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
[gunshot]
[Jeong-won] Did you hear? They went
to the finals without losing a point.
Their opponents
never got more than five points.
-All right.
-Jeez.
[Seok-hyeong] It's going to be fierce.
-Oh, yeah.
-Good luck.
-You can do this!
You can do this.
[Jun-wan] Let's go.
[exciting music]
[Ik-jun] I'll come back victorious.
Let's do this.
[Jun-wan] I was hoping
we could meet up and just talk.
[Jeong-won] Is something up?
It's nothing bad, is it?
[Gyeo-ul] I'll tell you everything later.
Right now, my head is all
over the place. I'm sorry.
[Ik-jun] Jun-wan knows you're in Korea.
[Jae-hak] I thought you were meeting
with Professor Kim today.
[Jun-wan] What's going on?
I performed a transfusion,
but the vitals are dropping.
[Rosa] When I was sick, I refused
to listen to what others were saying.
Listen to me, Rosa.
[Jong-su] Think only about your life
and have fun every day.
[music fades]